This document contains instructions on how to install the cube bookstore website.

= Dependencies = 

The steps below assume the most basic setup, using sqlite and django's test server. Use Django's documentation for how to use production applications like Apache or MySQL. There are a few dependencies on a client for TWU's authentication system (twuPass), which are not released with the main website. The twuPass module uses python-suds.

Before starting, make sure you have [http://python.org/download/ python 2.x], [http://www.djangoproject.com/ django], and [http://subversion.tigris.org/ subversion] installed. If not using the twuPass authentication backend, some modifications will need to be made to the code. If you are using twuPass however, make sure [http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools setuptools] and suds are installed as well, and that you are using python 2.5+.

<wiki:comment>
Put a link to how to modify code for non twuPass users if that ever happens
</wiki:comment>

= Steps =
The steps below are the minimum necessary to get the website up and running for testing purposes. For a production setup, please expand on these steps by referring to django's documentation.

  # [http://code.google.com/p/cube-bookstore/source/checkout Get the cube-bookstore code]
  # copy cube/settings-dist.py. to cube/settings.py
  # open cube/settings.py in your favourite text editor
  # put your name and email address into the ADMINS tuple.
  # set the MEDIA_ROOT to the absolute path of cube-bookstore's media folder
  # set MEDIA_URL to '(your-domain)/site_media/'. e.g. 'localhost:8000/site_media/' By default urls.py is setup to serve media files via django's test server. Don't do this for production situations.
  # add the absolute path to the templates folder to TEMPLATE_DIRS.
  # At this point you will either need to setup twuPass with the provided documentation, or modify the website to use a different authentication backend.
  # now if you run the unitests ('python cube/manage.py test') then they should all pass successfully.
  # To run the website, execute
   # python cube/manage.py syncdb
   # python cube/manage.py runserver